docs: Clean up Moderator Handbook (#42071)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/moderator-handbook.md

You may be approached by organizations who want to partner or co-brand with freeCodeCamp somehow. Once you realize that this is what they're after, **please stop talking to them** and tell them to email `team[at]freecodecamp.org`.

> With proposals like this all the time and is in the best position to judge whether such a relationship will be worth it for our community (and it rarely is).

Reviewer: I _think_ this is supposed to be

> We get proposals like this all the time and the staff members are in the best position to judge whether such a relationship will be worth it for our community (and it rarely is).

But it definitely needs confirmation from the core team.

Reviewer 2: @huyenltnguyen is correct. It is indeed a typo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We get proposals like this all the time and is in the best position to judge whether such a relationship will be worth it for our community (and it rarely is).
```
